with its power loss protection
affordability and performance the SP 924
may data makes upgrading to an SSD
remarkably safe and simple
some years back chinese tube amplifier
companies came crashing onto the
headphone and scene offering impressive
specs and features that prices that
traditional audio companies were simply
nowhere near if you wanted something
with similar performance and inexpensive
worldwide shipping but all of the usual
questions must be asked when buying
something from China before investing
your hard-earned dollars because they're
still not cheap will the manufacturing
quality be consistent are they using
high-quality componentry what about
after sales support well over the last
few years one of these Chinese brands
has expanded their portfolio beyond a
few products established a solid track
record for user support and has turned
into pretty much the go-to for
inexpensive but high-quality Chinese
built tube amps and that is little dot
and this is the Mk for a premium single
ended headphone amplifier and one of the
most famous with a 469 deep appreciation
thread on head 5 that's actually been
running since 2010 but was even posted
in today but before we get into this
product you're probably asking yourself
already well why would I even want a
tube based headphone amplifier I heard
from oh I don't know my plumber or some
tall dark tech savvy hippie or something
but they're bad and solid-state amps are
much better great question and it comes
down to the subjectivity versus
objectivity argument that has been and
continues to be a raging Internet war
hopefully I can clarify things a little
bit objectively tube amplifiers do
typically sound different than accuracy
above all else solid-state amplifiers
like the objective 2 they're less bright
more natural sound signature is real and
a result of a number of factors
including their relatively high output
impedance also objectively they straight
up do introduce distortion and therefore
will not achieve that purest for better
or for worse it sounds exactly like the
original recording goal that you might
be going for but that is where subject
he comes in a lot of people don't give
any cares about that they just want an
enjoyable listening experience and to
their ears the richer bass warmer sound
and subdued highs of the tube amp sounds
a ok and to those people I'll say this
rock on
just keep your thoughts about the
obvious superiority of tubes to yourself
but before the solid-state fanboys get
all high and mighty
now - and Logan are on our side about
this frankly I don't want to hear about
the obvious superiority of solid-state
either enjoy music is not that black and
white and there are other variables at
play here like the fact that everyone
here's a little differently that make it
actually impossible to have a
one-size-fits-all solution so take the
rest of this video for what it is my own
subjective personal experience with the
little dot mark for tube headphone
amplifier the manual is functional if
not amazing the only things I really
needed it for were the fairly specific
instructions for powering the unit on
and off and the procedure for flipping
the dip switches on the underside to
increase gain to five when I was testing
my fairly inefficient LCD - headphones
aha the warning about how hot it gets
was also pretty helpful as well the unit
itself was well packed in soft foam and
looks absolutely stunning the vacuum
tubes and the gold accents give it a
very steampunk look and frankly the
wasted decks face aside if I was going
to go pick a headphone amplifier just
based on how badass it's gonna look I
would probably go this route in the box
little dot includes a power cord a
headphone adapter and a set of RCA
cables so you'll be able to easily plug
into an existing external DAC they're
perfectly nice and only folks who
believe in fancy cables are likely to
replace them onto the listening tests
with my son Heiser hd8 DJ's frankly it
was impossible for me to tell the
difference between my stack and the
mark 4 I figured the strong base and
lack of sparkle in the HD eights in the
first place was making it hard to make
out those characteristics in the tube
amp so I moved on to my DT 990 Pro 250
ohms from aerodynamics these headphones
have a lot of fans but I don't
personally really like them because the
clear and accurate highs are a little
bit too bright for me and I find them
fatiguing to listen to still couldn't
tell moving on to the Audis LCD - we
it's mymusictaste on ashame top 40
listener here or something else I still
just couldn't tell as it happens the LCD
to sound fantastic on the mark for but I
guess that leads to the only real
conclusion that I could draw from this
buy whatever makes you happy
aside from the high price and the usual
tube inconveniences it does take a few
seconds to power on you may get the
occasional audible anomaly and you
should clean and replace your tubes from
time to time the mark fors build quality
looks and sound quality out of the box
left nothing to be desired for me
another selling point is the fact that
it allows you to tube roll or swap out
four different tubes which will be a lot
of fun if you're a tinkerer who wants to
experiment with different pairings the
way wine enthusiasts will look for
dishes that go well with their favorite
vintages personally I'm not and for me
the much more obvious differences
between one pair of headphones and
another make them a more sound
investment than searching for the
perfect amp but your mileage may vary so
there it is guys I mean feel free to
call me out on this video I don't mind
and I'll even save you the trouble of
debating the validity of my tests in the
comments aside from being inconclusive
they are not scientific at all a
double-blind experiment with normalized
output volumes would have been a better
more scientific way of testing the two
against each other and while I do plan
to obtain an SPL meter and take another
crack at this on my own time for the
sake of training my ears and refining my
audio gear review process you the buyer
won't have any of that stuff anyway and
if I can't tell the difference when I
know which is which sitting right next
to them and the time it takes to switch
between them then my recommendation of
buy whatever will make your friends
think that you're cooler won't change
either way so I just don't think it's
that big of a deal thank you for
watching guys the link to pricing and
availability of this product is in the
video description below the like dislike
and share buttons which I would love for
you to use accordingly also in the video
description is a support link that we'd
love for you to use if you appreciate
what we do you can get a t-shirt give us
a monthly contribution or change your
browser bookmarks to sites that give us
an affiliate kickback whenever you buy
stuff it helps us out a lot thanks again
for watching and as always don't forget
to mash that subscribe button if you
haven't already
I mean not that it works half the time
anyway or whatever you can also follow
on Twitter and release our videos new
tweet about them anyway